Create Google-Summer-of-Code-2026.md (#492)
oppia/oppia-web-developer-docs: Google-Summer-of-Code-2026.md

> **Important**: _We are making some changes to how we run GSoC for 2026. Please read this page carefully, since some things have changed from previous years._

Reviewer: Is this still true for 2026?

Author: Yes, it's still technically true in that we've made changes from previous years, just not anything major from last year. I think it's worth keeping this message to encourage repeat applicants (who might not have applied last year) to read through everything

  - [Tips for writing a good project plan](#tips-for-writing-a-good-project-plan)
  - [What should applicants expect from mentors in a proposal review?](#what-should-applicants-expect-from-mentors-in-a-proposal-review)
- [Selection Criteria](#selection-criteria)
- [Communication](#communication)
- [Oppia's Project Ideas List](#oppias-project-ideas-list)

This year marks the 11th year that Oppia will be participating in [Google Summer of Code (GSoC)](https://summerofcode.withgoogle.com/)! GSoC is a global program which offers post-secondary students, as well as newcomers to open source, an opportunity to discover and work with open source organizations. The contributions are supported by a stipend. Contributors work closely with one or more mentors to implement either a project idea by the organization, or a proposal of their own.

In order to receive updates about GSoC at Oppia, please subscribe to the [Oppia GSoC Announce](https://groups.google.com/g/oppia-gsoc-announce) mailing list, as well as the [Developer Announcements](https://github.com/oppia/oppia/discussions/categories/developer-announcements) category on GitHub Discussions.

> This year, based on previous years' feedback, Oppia plans to follow a slightly extended GSoC timeline: projects will have 7 weeks for each milestone, with an additional "holiday week" between the milestones. Each milestone includes 5 weeks of coding time, 1 week for evaluations, and 1 week for fixes, as well as a product demo session after the 4th coding week. Please refer to the [Dates and Deadlines](#dates-and-deadlines) section below for more details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This year, the same as last year, Oppia plans to follow a slightly extended GSoC timeline: projects will have 7 weeks for each milestone, with an additional "holiday week" between the milestones. Each milestone includes 5 weeks of coding time, 1 week for evaluations, and 1 week for fixes, as well as a product demo session after the 4th coding week. Please refer to the [Dates and Deadlines](#dates-and-deadlines) section below for more details.
```

Author: done
